And for the responsiveness the first thing that we would need is media screen.
So I'm going to say what the media are going to say screen and say and our hero can write men with you
know this and this is going to be 576.
Right.
You know what's our servants six 776 pixels.
All right.
Then after that we would want the actual cursor curly braces right.
And here we're going to write a rule.
So I'm going to say Nav. hang on here I'm going to say border first rights of water top say border up
and this is going to be five pixels solid no real going to say F F C and this is going to be 9 1 4.
Right so this is going to be the code.
Then after that we're going to have a display and we're going to say flex on here and we're going to
have a background.
So first we're going to have display flex just so they wouldn't be here in a column and we're here to
say background's going to be hash tag it's going to be too easy for you too.
And then we're going to have a two.
Hate you.
So we say this and this and if we go back over here we're fresh right now I can see what we have.
Right.
So first of all this is going to be you can see that this is displaying flex right.
And here you can see that what we have right here we have these links over here right here.
We just need to set them in flex so we're going to go back over here and we're going to go and work
with the help.
And we're going to solve now.
You will have on our list or here we're going to say first that we would want a display and we're going
to say flex and or here we're going to right away important.
And we're actually at a comment here right.
Because I'm going to show you why we are doing this important that I can show you this.
Once we have all this button working with Jake we here we're going to say first that we would want a
flex right over here and we would want actually 1 0 or 0.
And what I mean by that.
Right.
So basically what's happening is that we would want.
We know that not only this is a flex parent right now.
But this is also a child right.
And we would want actually for the child to grow and not shrink and to have all the bases.
So we're going to go back over here because the pressure here.
Right.
And you can see what we have right.
So what I'm going to say here is I'm going to say this I'm going to say that this is going to be flex.
So this is I'm still talking as a trial.
Here zero and this is going to be all this.
Then after that would we would want is actually have a justified content.
Right.
And we're going to have a space around this.
This is going to be for links like this right.
And I can see space around and you know what.
Right away what we can do is just get rid of this and get rid of links and get rid of it.
But I'm going to say over here that this is going to be a icons and I'm going to say this play non sense
so I'm getting rid of them now so I can get rid of toggle button so I'm going to say I'm here.
Hash tag tar go we're here to say between and it's all going to say this.
Now once we go back to the bigger screen and you can see that both of them are disappearing right.
And I can see that we have all of them actually space around right hand.
You can see that list is taking the whole space.
Then will when one is would want to go back over here with the space around and first of all going to
say a line center.
And so we're going to place him actually in the center.
You can see that they're not sitting in the center right now.
So I'm going to say a line and I'm going to say a line on line self here.
Place them in a base line so isn't there or you know this then we're going to have a flex wrap right.
Just in case as I'm actually going to the smaller screen right.
You need to wrap.
They were actually going to go to the new line.
Right.
So I'm going to say we're here for X wrap and we're going to say we're here wrap like this and then
we're going to have a little bit of padding.
So I'm going to say a padding 0 and 10 pixels on this and we were fresher here right.
And now we have wings.
Then after that we would want a list item.
So I'm going to say we're here like this.
I'm going to say first for a have on our list list item.
What I would want right.
Actually I would want again flex.
So I'm going to say over here grow as much as you can.
Don't shrink and have 100 hundred pixels or here as your base what are you going to refresh.
Right now you can see what happens right.
So now we're taking the whole space or here with these links.
But over here probably what we would want is for this link read to have a text align center.
So I'm going to say here now if you will lie.
Hey we're here we're going to write more we're going to say whatever it is first right we're going to
say important really if this is going to be five pixels so it has those rounded edges and then we're
going to say text line say Center and we say this and then we were fresh.
Now I can see it all our links actually have the text line center right.
You can see that they're taking the whole space right because I was hovering You can see how they're
actually going side by side.
Right.
And you can see that actually everything isn't working and as I'm going the screen gets bigger.
You can still see that they're actually growing as much as they can.
But as I'm going to the smaller screen right this is how it's going to look like right.
You can see the end we're going to switch back and forth right now mostly now and we would want is actually
to work with the toggle button.
All right.
And this is what we're going to do.
Next video we're going to create this toggle button.